1) vector

all vector functions;

vector::begin() and vector::end()
vector rbegin() and rend()
vector::cbegin() and vector::cend()
vector::crend() and vector::crbegin()
vector::assign()
vector::at()
vector::back()
vector::capacity()
vector::clear()
vector::push_back()
vector::pop_back()
vector::empty()
vector::erase()
vector::size()
vector::swap()
vector::reserve()
vector::resize()
vector::shrink_to_fit()
vector::operator=
vector::operator[]
vector::front()
vector::data()
vector::emplace_back()
vector::emplace()
vector::max_size()
vector::insert()


working of each function 

begin() – Returns an iterator pointing to the first element in the vector
end() – Returns an iterator pointing to the theoretical element that follows the last element in the vector
rbegin() – Returns a reverse iterator pointing to the last element in the vector (reverse beginning). It moves from last to first element
rend() – Returns a reverse iterator pointing to the theoretical element preceding the first element in the vector (considered as reverse end)
cbegin() – Returns a constant iterator pointing to the first element in the vector.
cend() – Returns a constant iterator pointing to the theoretical element that follows the last element in the vector.
crbegin() – Returns a constant reverse iterator pointing to the last element in the vector (reverse beginning). It moves from last to first element
crend() – Returns a constant reverse iterator pointing to the theoretical element preceding the first element in the vector (considered as reverse end)
size() – Returns the number of elements in the vector.
max_size() – Returns the maximum number of elements that the vector can hold.
capacity() – Returns the size of the storage space currently allocated to the vector expressed as number of elements.
resize(n) – Resizes the container so that it contains ‘n’ elements.
empty() – Returns whether the container is empty.
shrink_to_fit() – Reduces the capacity of the container to fit its size and destroys all elements beyond the capacity.
reserve() – Requests that the vector capacity be at least enough to contain n elements.

 


